#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-bootstrap4
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   jwcrypto
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
django==4.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-bootstrap-datepicker-plus
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-cron
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   django-select2
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-tables2-column-shifter
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
django-admin-sortable2==2.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.60.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-select2
django-axes[ipware]==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap-datepicker-plus==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap4==21.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor==6.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-constance==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cron==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==6.0.4
    # via django-axes
django-jazzmin==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via django-ckeditor
django-jsoneditor==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jsonform==2.21.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-otp==1.3.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==6.4.0
    # via django-two-factor-auth
django-picklefield==3.1
    # via django-constance
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via django-simple-captcha
django-rest-knox==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-select2==8.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-captcha==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-tables2-column-shifter
django-tables2-column-shifter==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumbers]==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-two-factor-auth
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework-gis
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docker==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
filetype==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gdal==3.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via requests
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jwcrypto==1.5.4
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
numpy==1.26.4
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   django-jsoneditor
    #   docker
    #   gunicorn
pandas==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.13.27
    # via django-two-factor-auth
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   pdf2image
postfinancecheckout==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   pyjwt
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   postfinancecheckout
python-ipware==2.0.1
    # via django-ipware
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via django-two-factor-auth
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   docker
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tablib[xlsx]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
