#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-bootstrap4
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via pip-tools
coverage==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
diffimg==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
django==4.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-axes
    #   django-bootstrap-datepicker-plus
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-cron
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-parler
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-tables2-column-shifter
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
django-admin-sortable2==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-allauth==0.52.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-axes==5.40.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-bootstrap-datepicker-plus==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-bootstrap4==21.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ckeditor==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-constance[database]==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cron==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-formtools==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-axes
django-jazzmin==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-oauth-toolkit==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-otp==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-phonenumber-field==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-picklefield==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-constance
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-simple-captcha
django-rest-knox==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-simple-captcha==0.5.17
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-simple-history==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-tables2==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-tables2-column-shifter
django-tables2-column-shifter==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-two-factor-auth[phonenumbers]==1.15.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework-gis
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
docker==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
faker==17.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
gdal==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
identify==2.5.18
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
ipdb==0.13.11
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
ipython==8.11.0
    # via ipdb
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
jwcrypto==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   docker
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pdf2image==1.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phonenumbers==8.13.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   diffimg
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   pdf2image
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==3.1.0
    # via virtualenv
postfinancecheckout==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pre-commit==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   qrcode
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   postfinancecheckout
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pre-commit
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   docker
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-allauth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tablib[xlsx]==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipdb
    #   pyproject-hooks
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   docker
    #   postfinancecheckout
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.20.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   html5lib
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   docker
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
